good afternoon, general failure, avoid vehicles
we have already done to recover our picture tigrillo asad who 1817
is the original of abraham cooper
it does it in addition to sea force with nine to the original frame was not a frame
that it was good for him, a cleaning and restoration has been done
reading this principle is
in
for again laredo miguel german carlos good as it is sealed on
two crystals for him
should be considered
per cent the frame or we want then where it is more in line with the general painting
To the date
who an inside piece of the boat that mahogany
a visitor stops for 2013 to paint a centimeter
and the back that amount
the settlers have come back out
after cleaning
and I'm going to teach you
more or less homogeneous
the radiography
of the box
there were nobody can touch
the iron has been left as it was but it was dehydrated in such
sense that impose some kind of products
for it the Pan-American
it was sealed it will get it
nobody can touch it while they were alive and for the plaintiff
since the serious problem of this type some
serious problems that
they were not touching
with your fingers and nobody can touch it
you can see the beauty of when or how all the
expeditions the colors
as a good step and the colors of the box
the color is that they did not look
since I was
dt I wish they were just was
they had touched her
at this moment it is totally
they lied
although the colors there was already a time
and then the
we are very satisfied
of our hobby
I decided to go home
It is the fourth par excellence
London
Yes, good
now you can not be
it has been treated so well what is painting
It has put some processions
i
and normally I should be here and now protected from the art
many more years of which we are going to decide
we are very proud it is a piece of collected collection
it's an adventure that knows
the published a lot of economics books explain
but just like him
according to a pretty high value for us
since it's part of the race's history
since these two copies
they were the ones
the first copies that a standard was inscribed on them
and then it's part
real story of our fantastic house in 2010
soledad blacksmith who tells the votes